another device in assessing the village
family liquid crystal thermometer
joint development with English
companies yew is special
graduated beekeeping range
Thermometer with sticky surface
composition possessing strong enough
adhesion and which allows us to evaluate
temperature clock you can see that
my temperature which measures 32 33
degrees now a little more if
wait will be 34
I hope to find it normal
glass temperature please become with
that side
and this sticky tape
easy to hook on the hive give here
let's say attacked burn flag fasten
adhesive tape closure
and after a while check
as far as
the temperature will rise joint
development of the German company Pelican
and mine for determining family strength for
determine whether I divide
and general state of work is very difficult
at first glance as lidka
see how much
heavy comes bees how much they
carry pollen
strong family much good bribes
but however there is the possibility of using
simple adaptations on that
the simplest device to assess the strength
families
this
the leaf is very similar to usually
copy paper
the truth differs from her in its composition
in order that lungs bees could astana
leave a mark on her paper
here from the firm pelican
in a regular paper bag and put on
cast yes why run over this
fixture paper leaves inside
envelope black color comparing these traces
can be defined as intense flew
on the family how heavy were the bees
which family is better which one
needs for example feeding now we
can see for example from this family trace
and now I 'll show you
made before that the trace of another family is
here you can see examples here
that the upper part of the upper family is much
better much more developed and if
the question is the separation of families
naturally
already needs separation or
and this family needs feeding such
with literally 2 leaflets
papers of one of them specialized
possible to evaluate the possibilities of development
another one to jointly develop
English company shooting gallery max
this control is temperature exceeding at
transportation accounted
packages of bees are known to be very
scary
steaming of bees during transportation however
when forwarding a package when receiving it
very hard to check
was there a steaming on the road because
at the beginning at the end and the temperature may
be normal for that exist
special such tags are customized
at a certain temperature given
case of a temperature of 34 degrees which
put on the package for transportation
standard
the standard color for this label is white however
if the temperature is exceeded 34
degrees label will turn black 0 is not
Sure and now and will not return to white
color to its original color so
When you receive a package, you can
see immediately whether the road was somewhere
temperature exceeded critical for
bee families
and have the temperature been exceeded then you
can not immediately open the package
present
who sent your complaint thanks
well, the last one is just for fan for a joke
2 now cute forks for os because u
you are often robbed in the fall by the hive and in the summer
it happens
the simplest caught to this bottle of sugar
sugar syrup is poured
one to one ratio is put on
the sun and literally a few hours
starts working even days typing here
wasps and some
works on the principle that the wasp
flooded
the bottle can't get back like
you know the bee can walk
surface vertical wasp
make love so get out
bottles she can not as well as
fellow people coming down the neck and
2 simplest catches for wasps too
ordinary glass jar which
poured beer bottom ever
acquires a characteristic two-day
the smell she starts to collect here
the boss can also make sure and see